The SunPy development team is pleased to announce the release of SunPy 0.3.
This release contains much work on the core datatypes, including a complete 
refactor of the map module, and a move away from objects inherting numpy ndarray.

This release is over 9 months worth of work and contains over 300 commits from 15 contributors.

The major new features added in this release are:

Major Changes:

    Removal of Optional PIL dependancy
    Parse_time now looks through nested lists/tuples
    Draw_limb and draw_grid are now implemented on MapCube and CompositeMap
    Caculations for differential roation added
    mapcube.plot() now runs a mpl animation with optional controls
    A basic Region of Interest framework now exists under sunpy.roi
    STEREO COR colour maps have been ported from solarsoft.
    sunpy.time.timerange has a split() method that divides up a time range into n equal parts.
    Added download progress bar
    pyfits is depricated in favor of Astropy
    
spectra:
    Plotting has been refactorted to use a consistent interface
    spectra now no-longer inherits from numpy.ndarray instead has a .data attribute.

Map:
    map now no-longer inherits from numpy.ndarray instead has a .data attribute.
    make_map is deprecated in favor of Map which is a new factory class
    sunpy.map.Map is now sunpy.map.GenericMap
    mymap.header is now mymap.meta
    attributes of the map class are now read only, changes have to be made through map.meta
    new MapMeta class to replace MapHeader, MapMeta is not returned by sunpy.io
    The groundwork for GenericMap inherting from astropy.NDData has been done,
        there is now a NDDataStandin class to provide basic functionality.
    
io:  
    top level file_tools improved to be more flexible and support multiple HDUs
    all functions in sunpy.io now assume mutliple HDU's, even JP2 ones.
    there is now a way to override the automatic filetype detection
    Automatic fits file detection improved
    extract_waveunit added to io.fits for detection of common ways of storing
        wavelength unit in fits files.
      

Bug fixes or under the hood changes:

    A major re-work of all interal imports has resulted in a much cleaner namespace, i.e. sunpy.util.util is no longer used to import util.
    Some SOHO and STEREO files were not reading properly due to a date_obs parameter.
    Sunpy will now read JP2 files without a comment parameter.
    Memory leak in Crotate patched
    Callisto: Max gap between files removed
    

The people who have contributed to this release are:

    Stuart Mumford
    Russell Hewett
    Florian Mayer
    Steven Christe
    Albert Shih
    Simon Liedtke
    Ankit Angrawal
    Jack Ireland
    Matt Bates
    Nabil Freij
    Keith Hughitt
    David Perez-Suarez
    Tomas Meszaros
    Benjamin Mampaey
    Andrew Leonard
